Release notes + documentation on portaal taak object and custom front-end components (#462)
valtimo-platform/valtimo-documentation: release-notes/major10/10.8.0/valtimo-frontend-libraries.md

  IDs can be configured for menu items in the ValtimoConfig by adding the optional 'id' property. IDs have been added to buttons in the searchfields component.

* **Added due date configuration to portaal taak plugin**

>   Added a field to configure the number of days for the task to expire on the 'Create Portaal taak' action of the portaaltaak plguin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Added a field to configure the number of days before the task expires on the 'Create Portaal taak' action of the portaaltaak plguin.
```
